Stripe logo
Stripe
Share
Show more options
Backend Engineer, Developer Experience & Product Platform 
Canada · 3 days ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn


Remote

Full-time

Apply

Save
Save Backend Engineer, Developer Experience & Product Platform  at Stripe
Backend Engineer, Developer Experience & Product Platform
Stripe · Canada (Remote)

Apply

Save
Save Backend Engineer, Developer Experience & Product Platform  at Stripe
Show more options
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Try Premium for CA$0



Show match details

Tailor my resume

Help me stand out

People you can reach out to
The University of British Columbia logo
The University of British Columbia logo
School alumni from The University of British Columbia

Show all
About the job
Who we are

About Stripe

Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world's largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone's reach while doing the most important work of your career.

About The Organization / Team

Stripe's DEeP organization empowers all of Stripe's products with a shared product platform that helps with rapidly delivering high-quality, cross-product experiences across our UI and API surfaces. It focuses on providing a consistent and scalable developer experience that any developer (both internal and external) can leverage to accelerate a merchant's ability to create value using Stripe.

The IAM Login Services team is responsible for managing authentication into Stripe. We are expanding our authentication stack to allow more teams at Stripe to integrate with it and to support AI agents authenticating into Stripe. This is a critical workstream due to the growth in AI adoption and the need for secure and manageable Identity and Access Management (IAM) as Stripe's enterprise customer base grows. Team Matching: exact team matching for one of the subteams will begin during final stages. Please note we may also consider you for different orgs based on your experience, location, etc. More information on our team matching process can be found here.

What you'll do

As a Backend Engineer on the IAM Login Services team, you will play a crucial role in platformizing Stripe's authentication stack and expanding our authentication offerings to support AI agents. You will contribute to critical workstreams that have a significant impact on Stripe's enterprise customers and our overall business. This is an opportunity to work on cutting-edge security and IAM infrastructure, collaborating with various teams across Stripe to invent and implement innovative solutions.

Responsibilities

Contribute to expanding Stripe's OAuth offering.
Develop and improve SSO/SCIM products to increase adoption for enterprise users.
Collaborate with other teams within Stripe to deliver a next generation authentication platform for Stripe.


Who you are

We're looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.

Minimum Requirements

2-5 years of relevant experience.
Experience with backend infrastructure.
Experience building systems that scale.
Familiarity with AWS.
Experience with Java/Ruby.


Preferred Qualifications

Prior experience with IAM.
Comfortable with ambiguity, and can drive clarity independently.


If you're ready to help shape the future of identity and access management at Stripe and work on solutions that impact millions of users, we encourage you to apply!

Hybrid work at Stripe

This role is available either in an office or a remote location (35+ miles or 56+ km from a Stripe office).

In-office expectations

Office-assigned Stripes spend at least 50% of the time in a given month in their local office or with users. This hits a balance between bringing people together for in-person collaboration and learning from each other, while supporting flexibility about how to do this in a way that makes sense for individuals and their teams.

Working remotely at Stripe

A remote location is defined as being 35 miles (56 kilometers) or more from one of our offices. While you would be welcome to come into the office for team/business meetings, on-sites, meet-ups, and events, our expectation is you would regularly work from home rather than a Stripe office. Stripe does not cover the cost of relocating to a remote location. We encourage you to apply for roles that match the location where you currently live or plan to live.

Pay and benefits

The annual salary range for this role in the primary location is CA$135,200 - CA$258,000. This range may change if you are hired in another location. For sales roles, the range provided is the role's On Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role. This salary range may be inclusive of several career levels at Stripe and will be narrowed during the interview process based on a number of factors, including the candidate's experience, qualifications, and specific location. Applicants interested in this role and who are not located in the primary location may request the annual salary range for their location during the interview process.

Specific benefits and details about what compensation is included in the salary range listed above will vary depending on the applicant's location and can be discussed in more detail during the interview process. Benefits/additional compensation for this role may include: equity, company bonus or sales commissions/bonuses; retirement plans; health benefits; and wellness stipends.

Hybrid work at Stripe

This role is available either in an office or a remote location (35+ miles or 56+ km from a Stripe office).

In-office expectations

Office-assigned Stripes spend at least 50% of the time in a given month in their local office or with users. This hits a balance between bringing people together for in-person collaboration and learning from each other, while supporting flexibility about how to do this in a way that makes sense for individuals and their teams.

Working remotely at Stripe

A remote location is defined as being 35 miles (56 kilometers) or more from one of our offices. While you would be welcome to come into the office for team/business meetings, on-sites, meet-ups, and events, our expectation is you would regularly work from home rather than a Stripe office. Stripe does not cover the cost of relocating to a remote location. We encourage you to apply for roles that match the location where you currently live or plan to live.
